feat: Add ics23 proof tools: `ics23-{iavl,tendermint,smt}` (#10802)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: store/tools/ics23-smt/README.md

# Proofs SMT

> This project demonstrates the generation and validation of ICS-23 proofs for a sparse Merkle tree (SMT) as implemented by [LazyLedger](https://github.com/lazyledger/smt).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project demonstrates the generation and validation of ICS-23 proofs for a sparse Merkle tree (SMT) as implemented by [Celestia](https://github.com/celestiaorg/smt).
```
